We provide with teachings. All those teachings are designed to benefit and to help or reward our
nature.
To benefit in this life and benefit others with the context of kindness, compassion, love and
kindness, respect and appreciation.
All that teaching, all teachings, and that teaching is practiced in meditating and activating the
realization through the three different ways.
Those are known as starving, contemplating, any meditation and practices, and so many great
practices of the highest realization, same as the Buddha himself, one after another, in India, in
Tibet.
And then Buddhism came into bed. In that century, full-blown Buddhism came. And not just the only
academic or the books and all that, but realization also really brought so many people,
individually, got realization in bed in the eighth century. And we provide the greatest teacher, by
Varpay Masambhavam, and great master Shindarachada, and great master Bamanmattara, and as well as
so many others, too.
Came, and so practiced many, many, many, so many great master, one after another, great
practitioner there. That continued there, continued there.
Now, what will we do? Practice, what is the essence of the practice in teaching? This is what,
again, I'm going to list. Those are the foundation of the practices.
And whether we do the retreat, whether we do individual practices or during the retreat, or anytime
we practice, this is really teaching so important.
I mean, we all have this. It's not something that we don't have. So what are those? Those are, if I
listed that, first is 18 endowments.
18 endowments. Or, yeah, 18 endowments. Second is devotion or the pain. And the third is, is, is,
what's called, joyful effort.
And fourth is, residents. And the fifth is, qualified teacher. And then, sixth is the practices.
Practice without obstacles, hindrance. Those are the six. There is a sixth group. They are like bad
rocks of the practices.
And if you reflect that to each of those, we all have that. We have the 18 endowments.
We have the devotions or the pain. We have the joyful effort. We have the residents. We have the
qualified masters.
We met so many great masters on our plannals. And then, we received the teachings. And also, we don
't have much obstacles in practicing.
So that we have that. So therefore, I mean, we all have the perfect conditions, cause and condition
to the practices.
Now, the first we think,